[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged all
present to a game.
Years in the past,
Corazon spent six months
taking Law to various hospitals,
in order to cure his deadly
White Lead Disease.
What are you gonna do to me?
[ROSINANTE] You're still
a pain in the ass kid,
but hearing you
talk about death...
My heart can't take it.
[ROSINANTE] You may have stabbed
me, you little shit. But...
It didn't hurt at all.
You were the one who was
actually suffering back then.
I just wanted to fix
things for you, Law.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
This is it!
Playtime's over.
Fun while it lasted.
[BELLAMY yells]
See you in hell!
[BELLAMY yelling]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[yells]
[groans]
Wasn't enough.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
My string's stronger than that.
Traffy!
I can't get stuck
here fighting you.
This is no good.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Yeah? What're you gonna do?
If a sword won't cut your
string, then how about this?
Hm?
[yells]
Now it's time for a comeback!
[panting]
[laughs]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
[LAW]
Hey, Cora! Cora!
Ooh, that's nice.
Call me "Cora" again.
Don't be weird!
[ROSINANTE giggles]
Are you shy?
Just pick up the
damn snail already!
Cu-lick.
Corazon. It's me.
What's wrong?
I know you're there.
[DOFLAMINGO]
It's already been six months
since you took off on your own.
Is Law still with you?
[LAW]
Doflamingo.
[DOFLAMINGO] I see. Well, I'm
glad both of you are all right.
Have you found a good doctor?
[tapping]
[DOFLAMINGO]
I had a feeling.
I think it's time you
come back to the ship.
We might be able to
cure Law's disease.
Huh?
[DOFLAMINGO] I happened to find
a lead on the Op-Op Fruit.
[gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO] Some stupid pirates
who don't know what it's worth
got their hands on it.
Seems the Navy caught word,
'cause now they're
offering them a ton of money
and getting ready for trade.
As usual, the World Government
is pulling strings
to get their way.
It's risky, but we can steal it.
[DOFLAMINGO] Once we have it,
due to the nature of its power,
I can only allow
someone whose loyalty
I trust completely to eat it.
[DOFLAMINGO]
And that would be you, Corazon.
Afterwards, you can
cure Law's disease.
Cu-lick.
[DOFLAMINGO] What do you think?
I value your opinion.
The Navy had been hounding us
everywhere we went,
quite consistently.
Tsuru in particular
always seemed to find us.
But in the past six months,
the Navy hasn't reared its
ugly head around us even once.
You'll note, that's exactly
how long Corazon's been gone.
You think your dear
little brother has been
tipping off the Navy
this whole time?
[laughs] Could be a
coincidence, though!
That's certainly
what I'm hoping.
I don't want to
distrust him, honestly.
We're still family, after all.
Lucky you, Law!
[ROSINANTE laughs]
[ROSINANTE]
Forget those stupid doctors!
You're gonna
make it without them!
Once we get the Op-Op Fruit,
your White Lead Disease
will be a thing of the past!
What's the Op-Op Fruit do?
It lets you modify
someone's body!
You can perform
miracle operations
and cure any nasty diseases!
Yeah right.
I don't believe in fairy tales.
It's real! But there's a catch!
You need knowledge to use it!
[LAW gasps]
But that's no problem.
'Cause I know you're the
son of a brilliant doctor--
one who was trusted by
the people of Flevance.
And soon as you were
old enough to learn,
you started picking up every
ounce of medical know-how
you could from him, right?
I mean, yeah, but why's
that matter now?
Are you kidding?
It matters 'cause
you're gonna eat the fruit!
I am? Doflamingo said you were
s'posed to eat it, though!
A person will die if
he eats two Devil Fruits.
Doffy only said that
'cause he doesn't know
about my Calm-Calm
Fruit ability.
We're through with Doffy.
We aren't going back
to the Family.
[gasps]
That decision became clear to me
as my journey
with you dragged on.
By now, I'm sure Doffy has
realized that I'm a traitor.
You sure? On the snail, he said
you should eat the fruit, right?
There is a secondary reason
behind that decision.
It has nothing to do with trust.
[ROSINANTE]
I get it, Doffy.
You want me to sacrifice myself
to give you eternal life.
And if I don't, I'm a traitor.
But either way, I'm dead.
Listen, we'll get
the jump on Doffy!
We'll steal the Op-Op Fruit
before anybody else can have it!
You'll eat the fruit
and cure your illness.
When you're better, we can go
into hiding somewhere together.
[gasps]
[ROSINANTE]
Prepare to set sail.
We'll get that fruit,
no matter what it takes.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Cu-lick.
[SENGOKU]
Rice crackers!
[ROSINANTE]
Cookies. It's me.
[SENGOKU]
Rosinante! It's been a while!
I've been worried about you!
Hey, Garp! Could you
step out for a second?
[GARP] What? Why? I just
brought you snacks, didn't I?
At least offer me some tea!
[ROSINANTE]
Vice Admiral Garp.
Is now a bad time
to chat, Sengoku?
[SENGOKU] Make your own
damn tea, I got work to do!
Now get outta here,
you fool! Shoo! Shoo!
[GARP]
Huh! Yeah, well I'm taking
the rest of the snacks with me
if that's how you're gonna act!
Hey! Kuzan! Wanna eat
some crackers, friend?
[ROSINANTE]
Um. Can I talk now?
Yeah, sorry. Go ahead.
[ROSINANTE] I heard you were
looking to make a trade
for the Op-Op Fruit.
[SENGOKU]
Yes, but how did you know that?
My brother caught
wind of it somehow.
What? That's top secret info!
[LAW] I see. So that's who
you're talking to, huh?
Where can I find the pirates
you're making the trade with?
[SENGOKU]
I don't know.
If they're smart,
they're laying low right now.
And what if I told
you that Doflamingo
was going to steal the fruit
before you could buy it?
[SENGOKU]
Is he?
[LAW]
Weird...
I'm dizzy all of a sudden.
When and where are you
making the trade?
[SENGOKU] Three weeks from now
at Rubeck in the North Blue.
[ROSINANTE]
Rubeck.
I'll meet Doffy and his
friends on Swallow Island.
They should be there three days
before the handoff happens.
[SENGOKU]
That's where he'll be waiting?
I imagine he won't want
to take any chances,
so he'll likely bring
the entire Family with him.
Thanks for the intel.
So we'll plan an ambush
at Swallow Island.
That'll be the end
of Doflamingo!
It's a chance to catch
the whole Don Quixote Family
in one fell swoop!
Just make sure you stay away!
[ROSINANTE]
That was the plan.
I've got a list I'll
be sending your way
soon as I can of Doffy's
business partners.
Big shots working
behind the scenes.
Buncha dark little secrets
hiding there in the North Blue.
[SENGOKU]
I see. Thank you.
Cu-lick.
Hey, Law.
You ready to
take off? Gotta move.
Law! Are you okay?
C'mon kid, stay with me!
Not now, when we finally have
a real chance to save you!
It hasn't even been
three years yet!
You said you had
more time than this!
You gotta hang in there!
Aw jeez, that fever's bad!
What should I do?
Doctors are useless. It's all
up to me now to save him.
I'll give him some water.
That's something, at least!
[screams]
[ROSINANTE] Dammit! What am I
supposed to do, Law?
Gimme a hint, please!
You gotta pull
through this, okay?
[ROSINANTE] Just stay alive
for three more weeks!
Give me a chance
to make this right!
[ROSINANTE] Damn it!
Why did a storm have to hit now?
[LAW]
Cora...
[ROSINANTE]
Huh? What's wrong, Law?
All those years...
The Government knew that
my people would die,
but they kept making us dig up
that White Lead to get rich.
The people of Flevance,
and my family.
The Government killed them!
Tell me the truth.
Are you one of them?
Working with the Navy?
Are you a Marine,
like the others?
You kidding me?
No, I could never be a Marine!
What a relief!
I'm with you, Law.
But listen to me, okay?
Once you and I run away
with the Op-Op Fruit,
we'll make enemies of everyone!
Doflamingo, the Navy,
and the World Government!
And they'll chase us to the
end of world if they have to!
So, if you wanna live,
be prepared to fight for it!
[ROSINANTE]
Any update on the location of
those pirates, Sengoku?
[SENGOKU] Yeah, they're
hiding in a ghost town
in this place
called Minion Island.
It's right to the
east of Rubeck,
where we're making the trade.
Seems like they have
a hideout over there.
[SENGOKU] The pirate's
name is Diez Barrels.
That ring a bell?
[ROSINANTE] Yeah, he's a
former Navy officer, right?
[SENGOKU]
Good memory.
Anyway, our lookout
ship is monitoring
Minion Island as we speak.
[ROSINANTE] Everything he
said seems to check out.
[SENGOKU] We have everything
set up at Swallow Island, too,
near where you told Doflamingo
you were going to meet him.
We brought two warships
to deal with him.
We're ready for
an all-out battle.
[ROSINANTE] I don't think
anyone should be able to
see our boat down here.
[SENGOKU] I won't let Doflamingo
get his grubby fingers
on the Op-Op Fruit,
no matter what it takes.
Okay. It won't be long now, Law.
Wait here.
[BARRELS PIRATES chattering]
[BARRELS PIRATE A] Drie! Where's
my booze? I need a refill!
Right away.
All this money for one fruit!
Do you know how much
they offered us, huh?
Five billion berries,
man! [laughs]
What a buncha suckers!
Is the Government
full of morons or what?
If we get that much money,
we don't even need to
be pirates anymore.
We can just stuff
our faces and party!
[BARRELS PIRATES laugh]
[laughs] Yeah, that
sounds good to me!
From what I understand
about this thing,
if a doctor gobbles it up,
then he'll get the skills
to be a world-famous surgeon,
like none other.
[BARRELS]
There was some legendary doctor
who ate it some time ago.
They say he could perform
miracles with a scalpel.
Cure incurable diseases.
That sort of thing.
But what the hell do I care?
I don't need to be a surgeon!
[BARRELS PIRATE A]
Not when you're as rich
as we're gonna be!
[BARRELS PIRATE B]
Damn straight!
[ROSINANTE]
Check this out, Law.
Everything that's near me won't
make a peep after I do this!
Calm!
[LAW]
That face!
That stare!
[LAW]
Ugh! That stinks!
Just like magic!
You didn't hear
a thing, did you?
Who cares? What the hell
is that even good for?
[ROSINANTE]
U-Uh--
[LAW]
It's totally dumb!
Baby 5's Arms-Arms
power is way cooler!
Yeah, you're right!
I totally wish I could
do that stuff, too!
But when it comes to having
a peaceful night's sleep,
no one beats me.
[LAW]
So what?
[BARRELS PIRATES gasp]
What happened? An earthquake?
Captain! I didn't
hear an explosion,
but something blew up!
The compound's on fire!
[BARRELS] What?! Was there
an explosion or not?
[BARRELS PIRATE E gasps]
Our treasure!
Our treasure's burning!
Then put out the fire already!
What's going on here?
[BARRELS] We must be
under attack somehow!
[BARRELS PIRATE A]
The lights just went out.
[BARRELS PIRATE F] Where's all
this glass coming from?
[BARRELS PIRATE A] The lamps!
They were all shattered!
[BARRELS] Somebody!
Light a candle, would you?
C'mon, doesn't anybody
have a light?
[BARRELS PIRATES chattering]
Somebody's in here!
[BARRELS PIRATES scream]
[BARRELS PIRATE J]
Hm? Who is that guy?
[ROSINANTE] I got it, Law!
Just like I said I would!
We're gonna cure that
disease of yours right up!
[gasps]
[screams]
That freaked me out! Who's that?
[BARRELS PIRATE L]
He fell outta nowhere!
[BARRELS PIRATE M] Hey! A guy
in a black coat just stole
the Op-Op Fruit and
he was coming this way!
[BARRELS PIRATE J]
Don't let him escape!
He said "a guy in a black coat"?
[BARRELS PIRATE N gasps]
[BARRELS PIRATES]
It's him!
[gunshots]
[ROSINANTE]
Law, I can't take you with me
for the last part of this plan.
I know you've got it rough,
but wait for me here, okay?
I'll be back.
And I'll have the
Op-Op Fruit with me, too!
[NARRATOR] Corazon made off
with the Op-Op Fruit,
but by the time he reaches Law,
the injuries he sustained
threaten to do him in.
Law searches for help
and encounters a Marine,
but a cruel twist of fate
causes things to quickly
go from bad to
worse for Corazon.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Moment of Resolution!
Corazon's Farewell Smile!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!